[00:00] Alright welcome to one of the most important modules. I'm super excited to be breaking this down This is going to be the basic high ticket funnel This is gonna be split up into a few different videos But once again, make sure you go through all of them as every other module inside of this mentorship Let's get right into it. So what is a funnel? What what is a funnel pretty much a funnel is when you have a leader you have someone who is interested? What is
[00:25] the process that they go through to get to a sale. The way that I kind of like to look at it is you have your lead right here. So this could be someone who's interested. Leads come in in multiple different ways and we'll talk about this a little bit more. And your funnel and what you do depends on where they came from. I'll get into that a little bit more. But essentially what the funnel is, is it's the process of your lead and the initial person to go into a sale.
[00:50] So we're gonna be talking about the sales process here not just any funnel because there's content funnels There's all that type of stuff and we talked about one of the content funnels from up a funnel middle funnel We talked about that now. This is going to be the sales funnel So after they come from the content after they've already been kind of sold from the content They've came from the content. Where are they going to go through? What is their process from here? So every single dollar
[01:15] You're making this business travels through the exact same four step path content profile and stories That's where all of your leads are gonna come from. Obviously if you do stuff like outreach the lead is going to have a different Funnel and a different nurture. It's not gonna be much different or some crazy complex shit. Just adding in different steps So let's get right into it the main funnel that you are going to be doing the main funnel that you are going to be
[01:40] ripping. If someone comes from your content, content's already set up, you don't have to do anything more, that's essentially just bringing in the people which we've already spoken about how to make that as good as possible to build that trust and to do all of those things that will actually get someone to go through this funnel and pay you. The most important part right here. Then you have your DM. So what's going to happen in here is essentially your call to action, especially when you're just starting out. And what I love about this business model is you keep building.
[02:05] Right so your funnel can expand your funnel can change maybe you turn it from this then you add another page and you just keep Expanding and building and stacking blocks on one another why I love this so much But they go from your content to a DM. So this can be something like DM me start to For a let's just talk about custom beats right now or a custom custom package where you make a full song for an hour So custom beat mix and master and cover art. Let's
[02:30] That's one of the most popular ones my clients rip DM me start to find your sound whatever whatever you kind of positioned yourself as DM me start to find your sound then they DM you they DM you that keyword right now We don't set up any Medi chat automations or any automations that send them anything Automatically you can go ahead and do that if you already know that I'm not going to be teaching this in these modules that save for the inner circle and the more experienced clients they DM you
[02:55] This right then once they DM you this they um go to a call right and then once they have the call Hopefully you close this is just super simple We're gonna actually be breaking down what each step is for because in the DMS You're not just sending them the link to book you're gonna be having a full system and a full process on talking to them back and forth qualifying them building trust and then after you've done that hopping on a call with them sometimes it's good to hop on a
[03:20] first call, we call it a discovery call, before your sales call. So this is your sales call and you could potentially have a discovery call right here and have a two call system. I'll explain when you should know the difference in each but this is essentially what the funnel is. So each step is actually responsible for something, right? What are they each responsible for? Content, its only job is to actually bring in people. DM is the first low friction step into a...
[03:45] Real conversation and the goal of a DM is a reply not a sale the whole goal of your whole DM text chain with them is to get them on a call not just directly a Sale you're not gonna position it like that and make them feel like that's all that you want Every single message that you send has one job and that's to move them closer to the call not sell the service in the text your call This is where the real trust compounds and with a price of your offer actually gets
[04:10] Justified nobody hands over a thousand dollars plus from a DM threat alone or constant alone and it happens once they hear your voice They feel your energy they get their questions answered they get objections handled and the whole call is built and like Systemized to get you a sale and then the clothes this is when the call converts, right? This is when someone actually pays you so why producers break this funnel and the most common mistake is they try to pitch
[04:35] the full offer inside of the DM because a call feels intimidating or slow. Trust me guys, the more and more you do these sales calls and I'm going to be explaining actually how the sales calls look and everything like that in a second and how you should know everything. But the DMs don't carry the trust. The call is what's actually going to do that. So with practice and hopping on as many calls as you can with artists, especially in the beginning stages, that's when you're going to be able to...
[05:00] to speak to artists understand their objections understand their pain points understand their goals and hopping on as many calls you can will help you um it will help you rebuild your ICP and actually know who you're targeting and know your ICP's pain points and all of that and actually speaking to an artist and doing sales and the actual skill of skills sales comes so much easier the more you do it some of the highest closers that make the most money don't use a script I'll be giving you guys my
[05:25] Scripts and frameworks and everything in this module and I'll have some attachments as well But the more you do it the better you get words to the point You don't even need a script like I take sales calls for my own high ticket business and I have a closer now So I have someone who takes the calls when I was doing it before for the first like three months I was using the script and then after that I understood it so well, especially when it's your own offer You don't even end up needing a script and the second mistake that people make is they post
[05:50] with no clear step. So that's why you like to have it in your bio. So even if you're content, you don't want to do a call to action in every single one of your videos. Anytime someone goes to your profile, they have the call to action in the bio. So DM me blank to start and you're going to be kind of talking to them back and forth in the DMs. Now let's talk about how your funnel and sales process depends on where the lead came from and how nurtured they already are. So if they came from cold outreach like we talked about and there's
[06:15] Responded to the they responded to the DM what you're gonna want to do for these people since there's mainly only two types of Leads that you're going to get obviously down the road. There's gonna be a lot more It's going to be the people who come from cold outreach and the people who DM you start in the inner circle I like to talk a little bit more about many chat and strategic outbound Which is a mix of cold outreach and people DMing you but for just right now for making your first thousand dollars This is all that is necessary
[06:40] So your cold outreach, this is the funnel that you're going to want to do. Obviously the normal funnel we talked about is they come from content, then you DM, so you have a DM back and forth with them and I'll talk about exactly how to qualify them and what you need to do in the DMs and what you need to do for every single step of this funnel. But just kind of breaking it down to get the basic understanding right now, you have your content, then they go to a DM where you talk to them and then they have a
[07:05] a sales call and then you have the close. That's essentially what the funnel looks like. For this funnel, what you're going to want to be doing and when someone comes in from cold outreach and you've outreached someone and they respond and they're interested, you want to DM them back and forth to build trust initially. I'll talk about how to actually do that. Then you're going to have two calls. You're going to be running a two call sequence. The first call is going to be for discovery and once again, I'll explain more about what...
[07:30] What's gonna go on and the exact framework you need for each of these calls for the best chance of actually closing them and making money so you can actually your first thousand dollars two thousand dollars three thousand dollars The first call is gonna be for discovery discovery is essentially just asking them some basic questions paying points and just building that trust with them Especially if you're just starting out you don't have a huge brand you're gonna have one call where you're not even gonna pitch anything You're just gonna talk to
[07:55] them about them. You're just going to be discovering them and their problems and how you can solve them. And the second call is going to be for a sales call. So at the beginning of the call, you're going to kind of go back to the stuff that you already have from the discovery call. Okay, so you were talking about these pain points, this situation, these are your goals, and this is going to be where you're handling objections and actually selling to them and collecting money on the call. We are never going to be collecting money with those or I'll let you know if I can
[08:20] Send it later you're collecting money on the calls and then the next so I'll just draw this out for you guys so you can see they come from Outreach, right? So let's just put out then they go to DM so you have your DM with them and then they have the Discovery call right and then they have the sales call and then they have the clothes hopefully right next type of different funnel that you're going to be using
[08:45] like kind of different funnel that you're using depending on where your lead came from is the people who are DMing you that keyword that you have in your bio that you posted on your story and your story sequence whatever it may be but the people who DM do this keyword these are gonna be people who are a lot more warm of leads meaning they already have a lot more trust than cold outreach literally like 10 times more from your content and stuff like that and that's why positioning your content is so important so you can
[09:10] cut out cold outreach down the road because no one wants to be doing that shit. The whole process that's going to look from here is just the initial one. They're going to DM you, they've came from content, you're going to do DM qualification and then you're just going to go straight to your sales call. And as I said before, what's so beautiful is you can keep building this up. You can build a landing page on the road that automatically qualifies them and sends them to a booked call. You can hire a closer or a setter to manage your DMs and hop on.
[09:35] The sales calls for you scaling this up is so easy and this isn't just something that can make you $2,000 $3,000 a month This is something that can make you twenty thousand thirty thousand dollars down the road and it is so fucking broken There are many different types of funnels as you'll come to find out as you grow We talked about this a lot in the inner circle But the DM to call funnel is by far the easiest and the most simple for anybody starting and will make you the most amount of
[10:00] money in the initial stages. So that's pretty much everything in the basics about the funnel. Now let's actually talk about how you're going to be qualifying in the DMs because just them DMing you, you need a framework to actually build that trust in the DM so we're going to get into that.
