[00:00] Alright, so as you can see as we just talked about in the last video now we're gonna be talking about qualifying in the DMs how to actually do that because it is super important to build trust and this is gonna be the main mechanism that's going to connect someone who DM you or a cold DM This is what's going to connect that lead no matter how hot or warm they are this in the beginning stages Not a landing page or anything your DMs is what is what's going to connect them to
[00:25] their discovery call their first call or their Directly to sales calls depending on what type of lead they are So let's talk about qualifying in the DMS Most producers either go silent in the DMS waiting for someone to ask them to buy Someone just to come to them and be like yo, I want to buy your beats right now How much are they I'm money ready? That's usually not gonna happen but setting something up like this where you're just finding producers who are interested and collecting
[00:50] them in, that's going to be your lead. That's going to be the future person who pays you $2,000. You're not going to be waiting on someone to say, "I'm money ready. I'm going to pay you." That's what most producers do. Another mistake they make is they pitch way too early and scare the lead off. Neither works. The DM's entire purpose is to confirm it's worth both of your guys' time to get on a call and to build trust. Nothing more and nothing less. Let me kind of break down the DM.
[01:15] qualifying flow and then I'll get into each and every one of these things. So the opener, right? Human and specific reference, what they commented or watched. Obviously, I'll get into what you actually want to do for each of these. This is essentially going to be referencing where they came from. If they commented from a video like start and you'll be able to see kind of where they came from hopefully.
[01:40] If they've liked any of your stories in the past, if you have any previous DMs with them, if you have any previous messages with them, try to relate it to something specific to them. If not, and you don't have any kind of backstory about them already, which you probably won't, you can easily just open this up with something like, "Yo, say their name. Yo, what's good, bro?" And then whatever your CTA is. So if your CTA is DM, you start to learn more about--
[02:05] my one-on-one service or if it's DME start to work with me and get a custom package. If it's more direct saying like DME blank to work with me or DME blank to learn a little bit more about this, that depends how your conversation is going to start and what the opener is going to be, whether you talk about and more so jump into direct--
[02:30] directly about if they're trying to work with you or if they're just trying to learn more. So it all depends on where their mindset's at and what they want to do. So figuring out what your CTA's purpose actually does will change all of this. So you want to make sure that you know what your CTA's purpose is because depending on their purpose, that depends where they are in that process. As we talked about, you have the lead and then you have the close right here. Depending on your call to…
[02:55] And what they DMD you from and what the call to action was that depends how far along in this process they are so you just want to make sure you know that but yeah, the opener is just responding to their thing and Kind of making an open-ended statement. So it's not just yo what's good or it's not just Here's all the information. It's gonna be something like yo, what's good, bro? Um, and then you want to open question right as we just talked about the open question is gonna be asking about the project
[03:20] before mentioning your services, then you're going to be qualifying them. So this is going to be talking about their situation, goals, pain points, all that type of stuff. And you also want to ask about money here and then also budget signaling. So you're going to be asking indirectly before asking directly about their money. And this is going to see if you're going to hop on a call with them because no one wants to hop on a call with someone who doesn't have any money to actually pay for their service. The reason you want to
[03:45] budget signal and ask indirectly and not be like, "Yo, how much money do you have?" It's because when you're handling objections, if there's someone who says, "Yo, I literally have $50 in my bank account," there's no objections to handle. They might have an objection being like, "Yo, I don't have the money." That's not even an objection because they genuinely don't have the money. But if there's someone who said they're making $2,000 a month, they work a job, they're making $2,000 a month, you know that they have money so that when
[04:10] When you are on the call with them and they say they don't have money, you can actually objection handle because you know that they actually have money. All of the stuff in the DMs you want to remember when you're hopping directly on a sales call with them. Even all the stuff that you're asking in the DMs, if you're hopping on a discovery call before your sales call, you don't want to be asking too in-depth about this stuff. That's why your funnel depends on where this person came from. Obviously, if you're going straight to a sales call, you want to…
[04:35] Ask and get to know them a lot more in the DMS But if you're gonna do a discovery call before your sales call You don't have to ask as many questions in the DM and if I'm being completely honest I think a majority of you guys should run the discovery call first So have the to call framework where it's the exact same as this but you literally just have the first call right in there I think you guys should run that instead and not have to qualify
[05:00] hard in the DMs. So kind of just simple questions, developing a conversation with them and mainly just asking about their project to lead them to that first call in the DMs and I'm gonna break down exactly how to do that. So when we're doing two calls because I think for initial producers the two call makes a lot more sense because you get so much data on your ICP and who is actually interested in your product. Let's get right into it. So opening the conversation, your first reply should be human and specific to
[05:25] them not a copy and paste in script reference exactly what they comments like or watch as we already talked about that a good example could be yo saw you commented on that beat vid you're working on anything right now or just looking for sounds you're working on a project right now or just looking for beats asking them about Themself is honestly the best way for the opener the best message that I would say is yo just saw you commented on this send that as one message then say are you working on a project right now because obviously
[05:50] ICP is gonna be people who are working on projects once again You are not trying to close in the DMS the overall thing that you're trying to understand is their situation and stage So asking if they're working on a project where they're at right now where they're at in their kind of journey in their career right now as an artist What their goals are so what they're trying to achieve some of their pain points So why they haven't gotten to those goals yet? Um, and then budget signaling. This is probably gonna be the one of them
[06:15] one of the most important things because you don't even want to hop on a discovery call with them if they don't have any money, right? If they're not financially qualified and you haven't budget signaled to financially qualify them, you don't even want to hop on a discovery call with them, right? Your time is actually like money, right? Like your time is actually money. So you want to ask indirectly if they've ever invested before and this is obviously after you've talked about their situation stage, their goals, their pain points. Ask
[06:40] Ask if they've invested, ask how that go, ask if they've done that before, if they say no, ask if they're open to doing that. And before ever directly asking about money, you're never going to ask them how much money they have to give you, right? And this reads they're spending history without feeling like an interrogation, like you're kind of just pressing them about it. And then to financially qualify them, you can ask indirectly about their overall situation and what they're currently making. Just enough to sense if they have the actual...
[07:05] capacity to work with you before you spend 20 to 30 minutes on your discovery call and then also another 20 30 minutes on your sales call So this is gonna be super important. You can ask them about their job You can ask them how much they're currently bringing in it depends on kind of where the conversation is going a Real qualifying exchange could be something very similar to this What's the goal with the next few songs honestly just want to become more consistent. This will understand their goals. What's your product?
[07:30] Right now that's making it hard. This could be their pain points Have you ever worked with a producer one-on-one before or paid for anything like this? This is this is a little bit too specific. You can say something like have you ever worked with a producer? One-on-one before have you ever bought beats before or anything like that? And that'll kind of tell you if they're open to even spending money with a producer as we just talked about Another really good one is once you have a real goal and a gap between them and their goal. That's your cue to
[07:55] book the call. Once from DMs and once you know this information that I'm going to show you, this is going to be when you know to book that discovery call with them. Once you understand their goals and once you understand it, this can be maybe three questions, two questions, only having to ask them once, but once you understand their goals and you understand their pain points and you can see the gap between their pain points and their
[08:20] goals, their pain points also being their current situation. Once you can see the gap between their pain points, their current situation and their goals, this is where you're going to position your service. And this is how you know when you're ready to book the call. And when you're booking a call with them, you can pitch in something super easily saying something like, "Yo, let's hop on a call and go over a little bit more about where you're at," because they obviously know that you help artists.
[08:45] So you want to also make it known that you help artists and stuff like that That's why your profile will do that and why the profile was so important But once you know this is when you hop on a call This is when you hop on the call and a really good message for when you want to hop on the call could easily be something from transitioning it from just DMs to a call a Great thing could be yo, bro. I saw Yo, bro Let's let's hop on a call to continue this conversation anymore. Talk about how I can actually
[09:10] help you and talk a little bit more about your situation, how we can help you achieve their goal. No selling on this call by the way, no selling whatsoever. And then you want to get them on a call. Once you have a real goal and a real gap in mind, that is your cue. That is your cue brother. And now let's move on to video number three in the next video.
